
    
    AITA for implying to my coworker that I "please myself" when my husband is away? 
  

    I have been at this company for about two years now and one of my coworkers (John) and I have become pretty good friends and get along well.
We are both happily married and just friends, though we do catch up on life during work hours.

    My husband has been away on a business trip for two weeks now.
John and I were chatting in the office this morning and I mentioned to him that I've been at my house alone for the past week and pretty bored without my husband.

    He asked me what I do to pass the time and that I must be a bit pent up with my husband gone for that long.
I was surprised he said that but I feel comfortable enough around him that it didn't bother me and I chalked it up to playful banter.

    I jokingly told him that I know exactly how to please myself when my husband is away.
He got really awkward and uncomfortable and we've been distant since.

    I just checked my inbox and there was a meeting on my calendar from HR.
I tried to message John but he's not responding and my manager came by my desk and told me that my behavior is ridiculous and to not speak to John until I'm told otherwise.

    AITA?

    Update: I just got off my meeting with HR.
I was able to convince everyone that it was just a misunderstanding and that I meant I can entertain myself while my husband is away.
It's interesting though, John didn't bring up his comment in the HR complaint.
I brought that up myself and he got scared and began to say that he meant it that I must be bored in the house all alone with nothing to do.
I let him have it.
They won't be pursuing a formal investigation because they're chalking it up to a misunderstanding, but they are keeping everything on record in case anything happens again.
They are moving John to a different team temporarily and my manager apologized to me for being harsh with earlier.
I will not be speaking to or interacting with John going forward.
