
    
    TIFU by telling a girl she turned me gay 
  

    This happened a few hours ago and my husband keeps teasing me about it.

    To clarify I’m a bisexual guy.

    There’s a Barnes and Noble that I frequent semi regularly.
There’s also a cute girl that works there, Megan, that I had a crush on years ago.
We liked the same books and had a few polite conversations here and here.
One day I worked up the courage to ask her out and she gave me her number.

    But a few days later she let me down easily and I didn’t go back to that B&N for a while.
After the awkwardness wore off I would go back and we’d be polite but there was a bit of tension there, at least I thought so anyway.
Fast forward a few years and I’m married to my wonderful husband
and Megan still works at the B&N..

    I go with my husband to the B&N and Megan is there, she was busy so I don’t try to have a conversation with her.

    My husband was looking around on the other side of the store and I was in the manga section.
(Don’t judge)

    I round a corner and almost bump into Megan.
I apologize and we both laugh and have small talk and talk about one of the new books Sarah J Maas is coming out with in January.

    At some point she notices my ring and says congratulations and I say thank you.
And this is how that conversation goes.

    Megan: ‘I hope she makes you happy, I hear marriage is tough.’

    Me: ‘He does make me happy, we’ve only been married a few weeks, dating for a year and things have been smooth.’

    She looks at me consfused.
‘He?’

    And here’s my FU.
I decided to be funny and say, ‘Yea when you rejected me I thought I’d have more luck on the guy side
and I was right so thank you for turning me.’.

    I laughed hoping she’d get the sarcasm in my voice but she didn’t.
She turned red in the face and tears welled up in her eyes, then she apologized and pretty much ran away into a side room before I could tell her I was joking.
I wanted to wait for her to come out so I could apologize for the joke
but after 15 mins I didn’t think she was coming out..

    I found my husband and made a hasty retreat to the car and told him what happened.
He laughed and called me a monster jokingly.

    I may need to find a new bookstore.

    TL;DR- Married a guy and told a girl who rejected me she turned me gay, causing her to run away and cry in a side room.

    Edit:- This blew up over night.
Apparently it’s already on TikTok!
Hasn’t even been a full day.
I wasn’t expecting this honestly.

    To clarify some things: I AM A GUY.
I’m also 24.
Too many people have said ‘wait i thought OP was a girl.’

    I’ve seen a lot of emotional damage and DND references to psychic damage, while hilarious, it wasn’t my intent to hurt her, just to make light of a old situation that I thought she didn’t even think about anymore.

    Also Megan and I never dated.
We talked for a few days, I asked her out to the county fair and that’s when she rejected me.
She said I was the first person to ask for her number and she was shocked and nervous and decided to give dating a try
but she wasn’t comfortable with dating, I said I understand and I let it go..
I’m not sure if she’s dated anyone or if she’s Asexual.

    We’re not strangers, we talk whenever I go in and she’s not busy, she knows my name.
We’re not friends but we’re friendly.
The joke may have been inappropriate but i honestly didn’t think of it that way.
I’m honestly not upset about her rejecting me, it happened 5 years ago.
Also also, yes, I’m 24 my husband is 23, we dated for a year
and got married..
We don’t argue, we communicate honestly and openly, doubly so because we’re polyamorous and communication is key in these type of situations.
Keep your comments to yourself on my marriage.

    And no, we’re not asking her for a threesome…you know who you are
