
    
    AITA for peeing in my friend's shower? 
  
I (22FtM) was staying at a friend's place a few months ago over my spring break.
Let's call her Natalie (23F).
Natalie and I have been friends for a while
but we haven't been able to hang out as much since she graduated last year and has been working.
This was my first time seeing her new place
and our first time spending the night together (before anyone gets the wrong idea
there are absolutely no romantic or sexual feelings between us).
Now, as a guy without a penis I am unable to enjoy the wonders of pissing standing up most of the time.
STPs scare me and so I simply sit.
However, when I shower I can pee however I'd like and it just goes down the drain and washes off my leg if I aim badly!
I shower every night before bed and I basically always pee
it's just really satisfying for me.
I don't really talk to my friends about my peeing habits
but my whole family pees in the shower as well and I just assumed it was normal.
Last week, me and Natalie were hanging out with some of our friends.
Somehow, we started talking about peeing, and so of course peeing in the shower came up.
Many of my penisless friends agreed with me that it's so nice to be able to stand for once
and many of my penis-having friends even agreed as well.
However, not everyone felt that way, and there was a bit of an awkward silence afterwards.
Natalie approached me later and nervously asked me if I had peed in her shower
and I said yes.
She got really quiet and the whole thing got really awkward.
She kinda shuffled away and we sort of avoided each other the rest of the evening.
Later, one of our mutual friends texted me to tell me Natalie was really uncomfortable to learn that I peed in her shower
and she was reconsidering whether she would ever let me stay with her again.
I texted her about it directly and apologized
but she hasn't replied yet.
So AITA for peeing in her shower?
edit: who reported me to reddit as being in crisis im just trying to pee here 😭
