TIFU by being honest about how I'm feeling. This is still an active TIFU. My wife has been distant with me all day, supposedly because of my moodiness. Personally, I am a bit frustrated, but nothing too terrible. She always likes to point out when I'm in a bad mood, which isn't particularly helpful, but whatever. Our youngest child is 1-year-old, constantly battling a cold from daycare, but generally a happy little guy. However, he's in that stage where he's transitioning from one to two naps during the day. All parents understand what I mean. Today, he's been a little fussy, and it was frustrating not being able to fully enjoy our weekends together. But that's just part of having kids, still frustrating.

It seems like every time I talk, it comes across to her as criticism or picking a fight. I assure her I'm not, but she either a) doesn't believe me or b) doesn't listen. I've apologized on numerous occasions for my tone and told her I'll try to be more positive when I speak. I honestly don't think I sound any different, but maybe I do 🤷🏽‍♂️. She still doesn't believe me. 

On another note, she's been yelling at me a lot more for the past year and a half, since halfway through her pregnancy. I chalked it up to hormones and didn't bother me too much. However, it did make me less inclined to be intimate with her. It's hard to be attracted to someone who constantly belittles you. As a result, our sex life has suffered, especially since our older child always ends up in our bed at some point during the night.

Anyway, today's FU happened when she accused me of being awful and mentioned that "we don't have sex anymore." I mentioned that her constant yelling isn't attractive and that I'm not interested in being intimate with someone who makes me feel unattractive. Mind you, I still find her physically attractive, but her yelling takes away any sexiness. This led to slammed doors, intensified yelling, tears, threats of divorce, objects being thrown, and her telling me that if she had somewhere to go, she would leave and never see me again, claiming that I ruined her life, etc.

So now I'm sleeping in the spare room (not sure why being honest meant I had to leave, but whatever). We're in our early-mid 40s, been together for over 20 years, and have two young kids. And it feels like everything might be falling apart 😭

TL;DR: I told my wife that her constant yelling makes me not want to be intimate with her, and it made everything worse.